The Intel RealSense D431i depth camera can be used as the primary sensor. It can use machine learning based on both the depth image and RGB image to produce the distance vector to the trike. 
Humans use several tricks to estimate depth. One is stereo vision, but that is most accurate for things within arm’s reach. For distant objects, we can use the size on our retina and find distance based on the expected size. Thus, having both images would help ML.
The RGB image on the Intel RealSense camera could take the place of the OpenMV camera and the PSD, It could locate LED beacons. The ideal vehicle won’t be available this quarter. For the docking vehicle, use the orange trike. It has a RealSense camera and dedicated Jetson Nano in the front, though they have not been wired. The yellow trike will be the target vehicle. Its view from the rear will be modified by repackaging the electronics. I am working on constructing the new cases. We can then use these trikes to gather data.
Vehicle coordinate systems most commonly have the X axis straight ahead and Z up. Image coordinate systems most often have X and Y for the picture and Z for depth. Let’s go with the vehicle coordinate system. Define the origin to be the centroid of the RealSense camera on the docking vehicle. We want to find the transformation to the coordinate system on the target vehicle. We can take the origin for the target vehicle coordinate system as an agreed-on point on the back of the vehicle. (Vehicle coordinate systems will more likely be defined at the center of mass of the vehicle, but we can save the fixed transformation to the front or back for later). 
We will gather data in the lab with both trikes on the floor, so the Z coordinate will not vary. On the road, the vehicles know their locations and can find the elevation at that location, so Z is less important. We can simplify to finding relative positions in 2D. The transformation from the docking vehicle to the target vehicle is (x,y,a). The angle between the X axes for the two trikes is a. The distance to the target vehicle is x, measured along the X axis of the docking vehicle. The vector between the two coordinate systems is (x,y).
To gather data, place both trikes on the floor. Measure and record (x,y,a) and grab depth and RGB images. Then move a trike to a different position and repeat dozens of times. Run ML and see if you get promising results. If so, expand to hundreds of sets of (x,y,a) with images.
A second distance sensor would be using the RealSense camera with LEDs flashed on and off. Locate the beacons and use the algorithm developed by the math students. That would produce two redundant sensors from a single camera.
